# Our Trip to 湖南

This story tells you our first trip to Hu Nan with annoying
Scarlett.Bless her.

We Departed in our car from ShenZhen at morning and stopped at YingDe
for lunch and a tour of a cave.we arrived at YongZhou at night so we
don't have much time.The next day, We went to a underground River.There
were gigantic,weird,and fantastic rocks.(Scarlett keeps being
annoying!)

![U River 1](/images/image1.jpeg)

 We then Headed to phoenix ancient city,we stopped at huihua,cause we
 don't have time.The ancient city of phoenix was pretty good,except it
 was a bit crowded.We went to see lots of temples and meusuems.(I
 don't know how to spell that!)This is one of them.(Scarlett is very
 annoying now!)

 ![wen temple](/images/image2.png)

 We Stayed for a few days and left for ZhangJiaJie,Where the Famous
 Movie "AVATAR" was Filmed.We went in a cable car and went to the
 Facinating Avatar Floating mountains.IT REALLY DOES LOOKS LIKE ITS
 FLOATING!!!but its not.

![Floating Mountains](/images/image3.jpeg)

 We then rode to SkyDoor Mountain.There was a Gigantic hole in the
 middle of the mountain!Just like a Donut.Mostly Amazingly is,it Shifts
 60 Degrees every 30 years!!!!!!We also went down from the hole to the
 plaza,walking exactly 998 Steps!

![、Sky Hole](/images/image4.jpeg)

(The arrow is pointing to the humongous amount of steps.)

We then arrived at Chang sha,the capital city of Hu, nan.The rooms of
the Hotel is soooooooooooo Good!There was even a bathtub,a oven,and a
make-up desk with lights on it!

![Bathtub](/images/image5.jpeg)![red
oven](/images/image6.jpeg)

![mu desk](/images/image7.png)

 We went to pacific street ,whose street is full of snacks!The best
 food is \...\...ta da! STINKY TOFU!!!

 ![stinky tofu 1](/images/image8.jpeg)

 Stinky tofu is very popular in Chang sha,because its name and origin
 was made there.We also went to stinky tofu museum.YES I MEAN IT,A
 STINKY TOFU MUSEUM!!!

![stinky tofu 2](/images/image9.jpeg)

(The arrow points to the sign,which misspelled "museum".)

I even bought a Hat!!!

![帽子](/images/image10.jpeg)

The next day in Chang Sha was boring.We went to the province muesuem and
the city musuem.It all talked about \...\....Blah,Blah,Blah,Blah and
more.The fun thing is there was a book program about Space.The book
series is called "George and Hawking's universe".

![George](/images/image11.jpeg)

(Arrow points at what the show is about.)

Chen Zhou is the last of the cities we visited.We visited Fly Sky
mountain the next day.The mountain was short and ugly,like an octopus.It
was a relative of the floating avatar mountains because they are both
made of rare rocks thet has been under the sea.We then went to the East
river lake,it once supposed to be a river but a hydrolethic dam makes it
a lake.The lake is also special because it contains the water shenzhen
and many more cities drink!It was the first time a seen a dam!We walked
over a floating bridge which is cool but even cooler,we can feed
fish.(The fish food were my little brother's snack!It was biscits.)We
bought some fish by the way,it was tasty but a bit disgusting.The next
day\...\....WE LEFT THE PROVINCE!!!YAY!!!

The End

Knowlageble readers info:

How the avatar mountains was formed.(Predicted)

About 400 million years ago,quartz sandstone stratum were formed in the
area of the mountains.Then,250 million years ago limestone and dolomite
was formed.The crust uplifted become land about 210 years ago.
